Update README.md (#406)
opendr-eu/opendr: projects/python/simulation/SMPL+D_human_models/README.md

### Download the raw SMPL+D models only (≈12.5Gb)

> [SMPL](https://files.is.tue.mpg.de/black/papers/SMPL2015.pdf) is a parametric statistical body shape model. SMPL+D is an extension of SMPL, which can encode shape deformations from clothes and hair as vertex displacements. Our dataset contains more that 2914 human models in various shapes and textures. At its core, our dataset is consisted of more than 183 unique SMPL+D models, which were generated through non-rigid shape registration of [MakeHuman](https://www.google.com/search?channel=fs&client=ubuntu&q=makehuman) models. The rest were generated by applying shape and texture deformations to those models. For each human model in our dataset, we provide its corresponding:

Reviewer: Thank you! Just minor typo.
```suggestion
[SMPL](https://files.is.tue.mpg.de/black/papers/SMPL2015.pdf) is a parametric statistical body shape model. SMPL+D is an extension of SMPL, which can encode shape deformations from clothes and hair as vertex displacements. Our dataset contains more than 2914 human models in various shapes and textures. At its core, our dataset consists of more than 183 unique SMPL+D models, which were generated through non-rigid shape registration of [MakeHuman](https://www.google.com/search?channel=fs&client=ubuntu&q=makehuman) models. The rest were generated by applying shape and texture deformations to those models. For each human model in our dataset, we provide its corresponding:

```
